Drag and drop your files, or type, paste, and edit text here.

Natural Reader is a professional text-to-speech program that converts any written text into spoken words.

We have both free and paid subscriptions to our applications to meet different users needs on different budgets. Our Plus subscription includes exclusive features and the use of Plus Voices, our newest and most advanced voices. Plus Voices enable fluid and natural-sounding text to speech that matches the patterns and intonation of human voices.

Free users can sample the Premium Voices for 20 minutes per day and the Plus Voices for 5 minutes per day. Or use any available Free Voices unlimitedly.

You can also listen and go with our mobile app. By using the mobile camera, you can even use our app to listen to physical books and notes.

If you are interested in using our voices for non-personal use such as for Youtube videos, e-Learning, or other commercial or public purposes, please check out our Natural Reader Commercial web application.

Exascale computing is expected to allow for new advances in a variety of scientific fields that depend on vastly complex calculations. The exascale milestone “represents an unprecedented capability for researchers around the world to use the computer to ask their specific scientific questions,” says Frontier’s project director Justin Whitt of Oak Ridge National Laboratory in London.

So, what lines will be combined? Because that must be tested firmly. And along the way, there will be found some bugs which must be confirmed and fixed. That will be a heavy duty task. It will be a bumpy ride, especialy for you! Good luck to you sir!

Beginning with the first sentence. Then another one with medium or short sentence. You may not know it when it hits you right on the spot and place where you dit not expect it to see in the first place. So after a long sentence, came an shorter one again. And last but not least, good luck with it!
Beginning with it's first sentence. Then another one with medium or short sentence.

I was going through so many articles about changing playback speed of the audio file but it was so confusing. So I came across various articles and learned how this actually works.

I was going through (so many articles), about changing playback speed of the audio file. (but it was so confusing). So I came across various articles and learned how this actually works.

--playspeed=1 --crossfade=150 --voicemodel=tts_models/nl/mai/tacotron2-DDC --max_words=16 --voicemodel=tts_models/en/ljspeech/vits

Best allemaal, dit is een ingesproken bericht van mij. Gelieve het helemaall te beluisteren en niet eerder te stoppen. Het kan zijn dat u in slaap valt of dat uw aandacht afdwaald, kom dan snel mogelijk met uw gedachten weer terug bij het nu. Zodat u alle informatie tot u kan nemen. Bedankt voor het luisteren, dit was het!

No, it is not Dark, but it did not strike me it was trying to be. For one, it is far less serious. There are exactly zero comedic characters in Dark, while this show has three. The science is over the top, but as long as you are not a doctor or a scientist it is possible to suspend reality and just enjoy the story. Its no less implausible than Rain. I thought the main character was quite good. The pace was a little too quick. I think it would have been better spread out over a few more episodes to give more opportunity for the characters to develop, but they did a good job in the 6 episodes they had to work with. American network television cant manage the same level in 12 or 13 episodes most of the time.

No, it's not Dark, but it didn't strike me it was trying to be. For one, it's far less serious. There are exactly zero comedic characters in Dark, while this show has three. The science is over the top, but as long as you're not a doctor or a scientist it's possible to suspend reality and just enjoy the story. It's no less implausible than Rain. I thought the main character was quite good. The pace was a little too quick. I think it would have been better spread out over a few more episodes to give more opportunity for the characters to develop, but they did a good job in the 6 episodes they had to work with. American network television can't manage the same level in 12 or 13 episodes most of the time.

A right to repair bill that would have forced manufacturers selling electronic devices and other consumer products in Ontario to provide consumers and small businesses with the tools and knowledge to repair brand-name gadgets is officially dead. The failed vote follows lobbying against the legislation from major tech companies including Apple, according to the bill’s sponsor.

Dynamic ordering is necessary because all cases of multiple inheritance exhibit one or more diamond relationships (where at least one of the parent classes can be accessed through multiple paths from the bottommost class). For example, all classes inherit from object, so any case of multiple inheritance provides more than one path to reach object. To keep the base classes from being accessed more than once, the dynamic algorithm linearizes the search order in a way that preserves the left-to-right ordering specified in each class, that calls each parent only once, and that is monotonic (meaning that a class can be subclassed without affecting the precedence order of its parents). Taken together, these properties make it possible to design reliable and extensible classes with multiple inheritance.

Give us a hero, the people said. So for everyone's sake, the genius tried. His first idea was to create a small, ugly hero with high intelligence but dubious social skills, because who would expect that? Then he glanced in the mirror. From him? Everyone would expect that. No, he'd give the people what they wanted. A real hero. Whatever that meant.

This morning, I got curious about the origins of manufactured kibble. Soon, I was looking up the ingredients in the food I buy for my own dog. Now, I’m watching a cooking show hosted by a dog and I want to make cheesecake. It happened again: I have way too many tabs open. Now, a hardware solution submitted to Hackaday by a user called Vincent and covered on the Hackaday blog can help tab hoarders like me. The device is called WebTuner, and it’s a physical knob connected to an Arduino board that plugs into your computer’s USB port to easily scroll through your own personal browser tab hell. Great!

